# Extrusion-Contraction Upwind Schemes

This folder contains the code developed in the context of the bachelor thesis *"Extrusion-Contraction Upwind Schemes"* by Ioan Gorea under the supervision of Prof. Dr. Ralf Hiptmair.

Abstract:

## Driver script
In order to reproduce the results of the thesis, the driver script `main.sh` can be used. It requires an existing `build` folder in the project root containing the compiled code. The script runs all experiments mentioned in the section _Numerical experiments_ of the thesis and saves the results in the `build/results` folder.

Files called `<experiment_name>_<quad/linear>_comparison_x_y_<error_type>.csv` contain the experiments results for a certain number of refinement levels, a certain diffusion coefficient `y`, and with a specification `quad` or `linear` of the underlying Lagrangian FE space. More details about the setup of the experiments can be found in the relevant section of the thesis. The tabulated results can be plotted using the `plot_convergence_comparison.py` script. The plots are then stored in `eps` format in the `build/results` folder.
### Usage

The `-h | --help` option provides information about all possible options of the script. There is the possibility to reproduce experiments only for the scalar convection-diffusion problems (relevant experiments to Chapter 2 of the thesis, presented in section 5.1) or only for the vector(1-forms) case (corresponding experiment to Chapter 3, presented in section 5.2). One has the option to also run specific experiments with customized refinement levels and diffusion coefficient with the option `-c | --custom`. The option `-p | --plot` can be used to plot certain results generated by the script.
For more plots, the `plot_convergence_comparison.py` script is provided in the `post_processing` folder.
#### Examples

Execute all experiments presented in the thesis:
```bash
./main.sh --all
```
Execute only the experiments for the scalar case:
```bash
./main.sh --scalar
```
Execute experiments for 4 refinement levels and a diffusion coefficient of $10^{-8}$:
```bash
./main.sh --custom 4 1e-8
```